Stormee: An emergency notification viewer

This application parses xml files that adhere to the Common Alerting
Protocol (CAP), an OASIS standard adopted by FEMA, State, and local
agencies for providing emergency notifications to the public. CAP
notifications include details such as a timeframe, certainty,
severity, textual descriptions and instructions as well as maps and
web links for more information.

FEMA is developing a platform called 'IPAWS-OPEN' that aggregates CAP
messages for the United States and territories. Due to the
architecture adopted by FEMA, the public can not access this aggregate
service without signing a memorandum regarding terms of use. Stormee
is part of a system of two components: 1 component accesses FEMA's
aggregator and publishes it to an XMPP Pub/Sub node. This component is
in the 'ipaws' directory; it is not usable without a X509 certificate
provided by FEMA. The second component, Stormee, accesses the XMPP
Pub/Sub node and accepts alerts based on the user's location and
filter preferences.

Stormee is in pre-alpha development.

Dependancies:
cmake
libxml2
gtkmm3
webkitgtk3
boost (Maybe not?)
gettext
libstrophe

Current features:
o Read CAP files from local disk and display in the gui

Planned features:
o Read CAP files from the XMPP Pub/Sub node
o Use libnotify
o Provide preferences to selecting location, filtering, etc
o Multiplatform

Technical Jargon: 
Stormee is a GTK+3 C++ application that interfaces with a XEP-0127
Pub/Sub server. XMPP communication is provided by libstrophe. This
component is licensed under the GPLv3+ license.

The IPAWS interface (as yet unnamed) is a C application that uses the
gSOAP library to interface with IPAWS-OPEN 3. XMPP communication is
provided by libstrophe. This component is licensed under the GPLv2+
license (since that's what gSOAP's machine generated code is under).

The XMPP server is ejabberd running on an Amazon EC2 node.

The python directory has a python prototype for Stormee. It doesn't
interface with IPAWS but does have an RSS reader. It may not work out
of the box but it shouldn't take much work to fix.